Carroll was convicted in 2004 for
the murders of 14 young women.
We need you in Virginia. Ryan.
I'm not an agent anymore.
You caught Carroll. No
one knows him like you do.
- What's my sequel about?
- We're gonna write this together. Ryan.
Even though you
slept with my wife.
I have so many
surprises waiting for you.
Cults. my specialty.
Gay neighbors. The nanny.
How do they figure
into your new plot?
Why is my dad such a bad man?
Maybe he's not so bad.
- Hey. where are you going. huh?
- You're a liar.
- What the hell?
- Hey. guys. this is Megan.
I never killed anything before.
We're just getting started.
They're teaching him.
Why did your
husband try to kill you?
Rick can be scary
when he wants to be.
So who has Joey?
- I don't know where the kid is.
- Does Rick know?
- I don't know. but his wife does.
- What?
Maggie. PARKER: Maggie
Kester is one of them.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
How you doing?
Sleep all right?
What are we gonna do. Paul?
You've really screwed up here.
I think we've all
made mistakes. Jacob.
Mistakes are important.
it's how we learn.
But you have gone
off the deep end.
That is an understatement.
Megan. you remember Emma.
Look. she's not very friendly.
Just don't take it personally.
I thought you were gonna deal with this.
- Funny.
- When has he ever dealt with anything?
- Will you stop it?
Who is she? Where
did she come from?
We met in a little grocery
store one town over.
You fool. This is
going to get us caught.
Girls go missing all the time.
Was there a surveillance camera?
No. you didn't think about that. You
will be identified. It's a matter of time.
We're wanted in 50
states. Emma. Who cares?
They won't find this farm
in the middle of nowhere.
Emma's right. This is not cool.
Wow. Jacob. thanks for pointing
out an uncool situation. That helps.
Told you.
First things first. we can't have
Joey see her so get rid of her.
Kill her and bury her out behind
that stable or barn. whatever it is.
All right. sounds like a plan.
Jacob. you kill Megan and I'll make
breakfast. I'm thinking pancakes.
Megan. do you like pancakes?
Oh. wait. sorry. you'll be dead.
Denise? Where are you?
Damn it. Just do it.
What are you doing. Paul?
No. Jacob. what are you doing?
How long do you think
you're gonna get away with it?
Because I. for one.
am tired of all the lies.
Say bye-bye.
You got hardwood.
barn. fences. a farmhouse.
- Have you got it?
- Analyzing it now.
Northern red oak trees and tall fescues
grass in the yard. puts us East Coast.
Trying to pull a number
from the telephone pole.
What about the e-mail
the video was sent from?
An open IP address
courtesy of North Korea.
- Changing the routing.
- They're watching news.
They know we got
Rick and his cell phone.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
All good here.
Keep me posted.
This is... It's helpful.
You know. they made
this video for shock value.
Joe's playing with us.
It's like a game to him.
There's no concrete evidence to support
psychopathic behavior is hereditary.
You think I don't know that? I
know my son's not a psychopath.
Put heroin in someone enough. they
become a junkie. These people are killers.
- Why can't you find him?
- We will...
That's what you keep saying.
That's what everyone keeps saying.
You're the FBI. If you
can't find him. who can?
Claire. Claire...
How did Jordy kill himself?
He choked.
Pried the bandage loose
with his mouth and ate it.
You certain Maggie
knows where Joey is?
He said Emma and Maggie
were behind setting up the house.
She'd know where they have Joey.
Okay. Not that way. Straight...
- I am going straight.
- No. no. no.
- I know that it seems that way. but...
- You...
You don't have to help me walk.
I know how to walk.
Well done.
Oh. my God. What am
I going to do with you?
I'm sorry I drank too much.
- You gonna take that?
- No.
I wanna talk to
Joe about Maggie.
Ryan.
Hello. Joe.
- How can I help you today?
- I'm having a problem.
I just can't see the
brilliance in all this.
If you're writing a book.
where's the smarts?
So far it just all seems
like amateur hour.
You found these three unstable
freaks. you got Emma. Jacob. Paul.
You convince them that to kill is to love or
live or whatever the hell you're preaching.
You get them to kidnap your son.
But it just seems beneath you
to go after such easy targets.
I don't follow.
They're obviously screwed up.
Rick Kester's running
around wearing a Poe mask.
It just all seems so silly.
Yeah. I'll give you that one. I
was never a big fan of that idea.
But I do appreciate
his wife. Maggie.
- Maggie?
- I find her most interesting.
And they are so in love.
- As you know...
- Yeah.
- I'm partial to a good love story.
- Well. that love story's come to an end.
Are they dead?
Rick is. Yeah. I
killed him myself.
Oh. I...
I'm delighted to hear that.
You're getting your mojo
back. That's wonderful news.
I don't suppose Maggie
was too pleased to hear that.
Why's that?
Oh. This is about Maggie.
You're on a fishing expedition.
Why didn't you say? We
could've cut to the chase.
Yes. Maggie... Maggie is...
She is a very special girl.
How so?
Her real name is
Margaret Schuller.
- That's S-C-H-U-L-L-E-R.
- Go get on that.
She first visited
me eight years ago.
She'd written to
me once or twice.
It turned out she'd been on this
extraordinary killing spree in Arkansas...
and completely got away with it.
No. I find Maggie to be
extremely resourceful. tenacious...
and impressive.
'02 to '05. Little Rock.
Arkansas. there were six murders.
Still unsolved. attributed
to a female serial killer.
I remember this.
Victims were stabbed.
Little Rock Homicide sent a
witness sketch. it's on my screen.
They are not aware
of Margaret Schuller.
If she visited Carroll in
prison. she used an alias.
I need the phone. Where is it?
Did you see the news?
There's an APB on
Maggie. They can't find her.
- Leave a message.
- She's not picking up.
Maggie? Where are you?
Call me. I'm worried. You
know the secure line. Call it.
Something's wrong.
She should have called.
Maybe she can't.
That's what I'm worried about.
Well. sounds like
Rick screwed up.
Joey?
I'm coming.
- I'll be right out.
- Okay.
What's happening
in the basement?
Ask your boyfriend. He's
taking care of it. if he can.
What is that supposed to mean?
I lived with the guy for three years.
That's a long time to get to know someone.
Is that about you two
getting your gay on?
Look. I don't care how
much you fooled around.
I'm not stupid. I know there's a reason
you were playing the jealous little bitch.
But whatever happened. don't
fool yourself. Jacob's not gay.
Try again. You are way off.
This is about
Jacob and his lies.
He's lied to you and me
and Joe and everyone else.
About what?
Jacob's never killed anyone.
Ever.
You didn't know that. did you?
God. I wish you could
see your face right now.
This is from a hardware store
off I-95 in Trenton. New Jersey.
Now. they chat. something's
funny. they laugh and then...
- What did she buy at the store?
- Cash purchase.
Cord rope. tape. flashlight and
several magnets. Neo base magnets.
Magnets? Chick's weird.
If Joey was upstate. then I-95
would be the route that you'd take.
Well. Forensics said
New York or Connecticut.
You had a doctor's
appointment this morning. I called.
They said that you missed
your last checkup too.
You're a drunk with
a heart problem.
You have a pacemaker sewn into
your chest to keep you alive. Ryan.
You don't have
to take care of me.
I care about you. I do.
But I am just being stupid now.
I mean. you've gotten a raw deal.
but something has to give here.
Nothing changes
if nothing changes.
What. is that a slogan from
one of your little groups?
You know what? It hurts too
much to be around you. so I'm done.
Sorry. gotta take this.
Hello. Jenny.
Uh. Ryan?
- What's up? Everything
okay? JENNY: No. No. it's not.
Hello. Ryan. It's Maggie Kester. Remember
me? The wife of the man you killed.
Maggie. Where are you?
What are you doing with Jenny?
We're bonding. Since you've been too
busy to pick up the phone I won't keep you.
I just have one question. how
do you want me to kill your sister?
What do you want?
I want you.
I'll trade you for your sister's
life. But you come alone. Unarmed.
If you bring any FBI
near here. your sister dies.
- Does Joe know what you're doing?
- I've gone off-book.
That's what killing a husband
will do to a girl. Come alone.
Where are you?
Your sister promised to show
me how to make a good risotto.
I'll save you some. Hurry.
You heard from Maggie?
No.
Are you getting worried?
I'm more worried about
the girl in the basement.
What are we going
to do about her?
We can't let her go and I don't
want Joey to know about her.
Take care of it.
I mean. I really think
Paul should do it.
He's the one that
brought her here.
I think you should do it. Jacob.
Since you never have.
I dragged her body from
the car down to the water.
That was the first time that I realized
how heavy bodies are when they're dead.
I floated her out to the water
until just barely where I could stand.
And I stood on
her for a good hour.
Heh. I wanted to make sure her body
was completely weighted with water.
And then I drove home.
Who's next? Ha-ha-ha.
You told that story about
the girl in high school.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
And I was ashamed.
I mean. I was the
only one who hadn't...
Why be a part of this?
Because I want to.
I want to be a part of this.
I tried.
It's time to do more than try.
Do it.
- What's wrong?
- It's personal. I'll be back as soon as I can.
You're lying. Tell me the truth.
I have a personal matter that I
need to attend to. I will be back.
- Uh. where's he going?
- I don't know. Go find out.
You put me in the role of
snitch before. I didn't like it.
He just took a call and now
he's out of here. Something's up.
Well. who called him?
Someone named Jenny.
Where are you going so fast?
- Parker tell you to follow me?
- Yeah. I'm starting to feel used.
She thinks we bonded. we
both know you don't bond.
So are you going to Brooklyn?
Why would I be
going to Brooklyn?
It's where your sister lives.
Jenny Orson. 38. divorced.
runs a restaurant in Williamsburg.
Is that where Maggie is?
Does Parker know
where I'm going?
Did Maggie threaten your sister?
Maggie has Jenny. She
wants revenge for her husband.
Everything Joe told us checks
out. She's a wanted serial killer.
- You can't go on your own.
- It's my sister.
So let me go with you. Please.
I didn't tell Parker about Jenny.
She doesn't know anything.
You'll be fired.
I think I'm traumatized from
the loss of a fellow agent.
I'm not thinking clearly.
Probably get off with a warning.
Okay.
My name is Mike. sir.
You keep calling me Weston. That's
my last name. My first name is Mike.
So your sister. Jenny?
Are you two close?
It's complicated.
Copy that. I got three brothers.
Close with one.
hate the other two.
No? Nothing? No
conversation at all?
It's a long way to
Brooklyn. that's all.
- I'm glad you came.
- And surprised.
Yeah. I'm surprised.
Me too.
- But I'm more glad.
- Me too.
- And then they get mad.
- No.
- There she is.
- Sorry to keep you waiting.
- How you doing? Hi.
- Hi.
Claire. this is Jenny.
my sister. Jenny. Claire.
- Hi. It's nice to meet you.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
- I love your restaurant.
- It's yours. Take the mortgage. Take it all.
- So do we get menus. or...?
- No. this is a special occasion.
I have a whole menu prepared.
I hope you like salmon. Say yes.
- I love salmon.
- She's winning me over.
It's Parker.
So. what's the plan?
My sister's restaurant is a few blocks up.
It's closed. I'm gonna do whatever Maggie says.
The moment I know my sister
is safe. I don't care after that.
You need a better
plan. Take my gun.
No. she said come unarmed.
- Are you a good shot?
- I'm an overachiever. sir.
There's a kitchen door. side
alley. I'm gonna leave it unlocked.
Something happens. you don't worry
about me. you make it all about Jenny.
You understand?
Yeah.
Hello. Ryan.
I'm here. Maggie.
- Where's my sister?
- She's here.
Don't do that. Or she dies.
Okay. okay. You got
me. Just let her go.
I intend to.
I've grown fond of your sister.
She loves you very much...
and I've enjoyed getting to know all
about Ryan Hardy. the early years.
It's a very sad story.
Where is she?
Jenny?
Jenny!
Ryan!
Don't scream. Okay?
Thank you.
- Jacob. right?
- No talking.
I'll be quiet.
I just want to say one thing.
If you let me go. I won't
say anything to anyone.
Of course you won't.
I know you don't
want to hurt me.
Look. I have an idea.
You can cut me a little bit.
On my arms and my legs.
And I'll bleed a lot.
All over the place.
And then you can tell
your friends you killed me.
Then you can say that you
took me out to the woods...
- and dumped me in the ravine.
- They won't believe that.
You'll make them believe it.
And then I'll go home. I
won't tell anyone. Not a soul.
Please.
Let me go!
I don't want to die.
What's wrong. Jacob?
I don't want to disappoint you.
I tried...
I can't do it.
Oh.
Do the others know?
I lied.
I know that I shouldn't...
Jacob.
Do you want to be a part of us?
Very much so. I don't want
to go back to my old life.
I can't.
Deep into that darkness peering
Long I stood there
wondering. fearing
Dreaming dreams no mortal
Ever dared to dream before
It's okay.
No one need know.
It'll be our secret.
But I want to.
I know.
And one day you will.
But when you are ready.
Hmm?
Please.
Shut up. Shut up.
Come on. Wake up. that's it.
Easy. you don't want
to tip. That could hurt.
Jenny? Did she hurt you?
No. I didn't.
We were waiting for you.
- Right. Jenny?
- Oh. yeah.
Jenny.
You're gonna be okay.
I don't know about Jenny here.
You promised me.
I'm not going to kill her...
but the psychological damage
of watching her brother die...
is bound to leave a few scars.
Tell me what to do. Just
please tell me what to do.
It should be Claire who witnesses
your last breath. but. well...
she's locked up
tighter than Joe Carroll.
Claire would have been a
more appropriate choice. but...
oh. well. pain is pain.
You know. I really enjoyed
meeting your sister today.
Good. I'm glad.
I feel like I got a little more insight
into the mystery that is Ryan Hardy.
Not much. just... Just a sliver.
- A sliver. huh?
- Yeah. just a sliver.
So I just gave you
a really good in...
to open up and talk to
me. and you didn't take it.
Come on. Ryan. just talk to me.
It's kind of a downer.
- I don't care.
- Yeah.
All right.
You asked for it.
My mom got sick when
I was a kid. Leukemia.
And she fought for
years. but it got her.
- She died when I was 14.
- Ryan. I...
My dad. uh. was a street cop...
Albany P.D. his entire
life until he retired.
One night he walked into
the wrong corner store...
at the wrong time
and tried to be a hero.
Ryan. I'm... I'm so sorry.
So it's just you and Jenny then?
We had an older brother. Ray.
New York fireman.
- Oh... If you say 9/11...
- Okay. I won't say it.
I told you it was a downer.
- You and death go way back.
- Hmm.
A lot farther than Joe.
Go. Get out of here.
Go!
Are trying to end a
recent murder spree...
that looks to be the
work of a secret cult...
loyal to serial killer Joe Carroll. Several
people are dead. and Carroll's son Joey...
It's the girl. She's
getting away.
You go that way. I'll
go around the back.
Paul.
Relax. it's only a flesh wound.
One of my foster dads...
he had a pacemaker
just like yours.
I read your book. I know
how bad off your heart is.
You really need it.
Did you know
electromagnetic fields...
can interrupt the
function of a pacemaker?
- No! No!
- Shh!
All you have to do is watch.
You have the easy part. Jenny.
But your brother...
he is probably...
starting to feel a little woozy.
Let her go.
Please. Please don't...
Please don't do that to Jenny.
You can kill me.
but please let her go.
Do you really think she's
going to walk out of here?
There's too many knives
in this place for that.
- No. no.
- We're off-book.
- No.
- Remember?
It's improv night.
- Joe doesn't want you to kill me.
- That's the beauty of it.
I'm not killing you. Joe is.
He's the one who stabbed your heart.
I'm just shutting down your heart gizmo...
so that Joe actually does
kill you. I think it's perfect.
Jenny. you watching...
how cursed your family is?
This is for Rick. We
loved each other.
Do you even
understand love. Ryan?
Real love?
Oh.
Your fingers are blue.
Your blood's not circulating.
Hurts. doesn't it?
No. no!
- Unh!
- No! No!
It'll be soon now.
You don't want to miss the end.
Let's get closer so you
can see his last breath.
Stop.
Okay. hey.
Hey. come on.
You okay? Come on. wake up.
All right. Okay.
- I'm sorry. I didn't hear anyone.
- I was just cleaning up.
Yeah. same here.
She really found
the mud. didn't she?
We both love him. Paul.
I know that's hard for you.
Come on. let's
get you cleaned up.
Don't freak out. It's not
like we're going to get it on.
Your pacing is normal.
Once you remove the interference.
it diverts back to its normal function.
- Good to know.
- Make an appointment with your cardiologist.
- You okay?
- Yeah. you?
Maggie Kester's cell phone. It
was on her. I got calls. e-mails.
Thought it was
on a secure server.
If there was a delay on an incoming
and an outgoing. I can pull a location.
- Does Parker know?
- Oh. yeah. She still chewed my ass out.
I'll get suspended over this.
We should go. I gotta get back.
Yeah. Mike. just give
me one minute. okay?
I'll be right with you.
Do you think you could disappear for
a while? I think it would be a good idea.
Yeah.
Uh. Miami's called
once or twice.
Maybe a visit's in order.
Okay.
How's Claire?
- So. what happened?
- Told her I needed time.
We were never going to
work. You said so yourself.
Until I saw you guys.
I mean. it's weird. the situation.
but I saw you guys. I was wrong.
You love her.
I'm well aware of that. Jen.
So you break up with her
in some gesture of nobility?
Claire and her son
need to move forward.
As long as I am there. I am always
going to be a part of Joe Carroll.
She needs a new
start. She deserves that.
What do you deserve?
She's hanging in there.
You know that woman
tonight was right about us.
Our family has been
cursed somehow.
Surrounded by death.
I know that you're afraid to
let anyone get close to you.
It's who we are.
But we can't go
through life alone.
That's no life.
Emma?
I'm sorry about...
We're not giving up on you.
When will you know? Let me
know as soon as you do. Thanks.
Hey.
That woman I went after.
we got her cell phone.
They were able to find a signal in
upstate New York. Dutchess County.
- I'm glad your sister is okay.
- Thanks.
Cyber team thinks they're gonna
have an address. two hours at the most.
This is a break. Claire.
We're gonna find Joey.
I know you will.
I... I should go.
No. you need to... You need to rest.
You need something to eat. I can...
I can make you something.
What do you deserve?
I'm not ready.
Life doesn't wait for
you. You've got to jump in.
Claire's not ready. She's been
through too much. She has a kid.
I can make you breakfast.
It's no trouble. Just...
Just... Just until they call.
We're not talking about Claire.
I'm no good for
her or for her son.
I am a constant reminder
of the worst time in her life...
and she doesn't deserve that.
- But you love her.
- Because I love her.
Ryan. stay.
Please.
I really need to get back.
I'll call you as soon
as I know anything.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm